I am so glad i left there, because seriously, i hate myself, the more i think about my house, the more i hear about my house, i just want to breakdown, because of the fact that i was born in this house, my depression comes back, the thoughts of frustration, the thoughts of helplessness, hopelessness everything comes back. 

i thought i can be indiferrent i can show an easy facade of indiference but i can completely be indiffent. 
all the negative emotions. 
i can't think think of a single good feeling or emotion that comes when i think of siliguri or my house. 
is it trauma??
i don't know anymore. 
i have issues here as well yeah, i still hate myself here as well, my issues have not gone away neither the damage from my trauma. 
but living here, i am not boiling with rage, hatered or despair. 
i don't know or how this as happened. 
i think biggest reason behind all these negative emotions is the lack 
the lack, of respect, kindness, the lack of brain. 
that's not the right way to say it 
i think the better way to say it would be rather simpler. 
if, only if, my family had better thought process, not even by all that much 
slight small differences. 
learning to stay quiet where ever necessary, learning to speak wherever necessary
understanding and co-existence. 

I HAVE FOUND THE RIGHT WORDS
 THIS IS FORCED FUCKING CO-EXISTENCE. 

 i mean i understand, that they are forced to coexist due to financial issues. 
 it's understandable but, vicitimizing yourself. 
 repeating the same cycle of conversation. 
 no one willing to back down, no one willing to give up their own egos. 
 no one willing to fix the actual issues, even if someone is, i tried, i really did try to do the best i could, with my brain, with my knowledge, with my understanding 
 but the sheer lack of efforts, 
 they think this co-existence is how it going to be how it has been, and how it will continue to be 
 rather than working, towards a better future, rather than  having clear-er thoughts. 

 they ACCEPT and are OK, with mediocrity, but the problem is, this is not mediocrity, this is lower than that. 

it is quite painful for me, that i can't even have my own money. 
a family is supposed to help settle their own child, but they couldn't, they couldn't open so many locked doors for me. 
they could ensure my well being.
chachu can, chachu will be opening doors for their daughters, even if he isn't a good father. 
he is not patient, working his entire life, and since the past few years, working with labors, he's gotten harsh 
he is perpetually stressed, and he doesn't know how to get out of it. 
there are suggestions, i can make, but i don't think this is the right time for me to do so. 
i will tho. 
i will help him even if i couldn't help my own family. 
he's done a lot for my family. 
and honestly, i think if he wasn't born in this family either, i'm sure he would be happier. 
i'm sure he would be a different person. 
i wouldn't be surprised if he feels the same way i do. 

the weight of responsiblities, is way too much. 

maybe i'm too young to understand this. 

maybe i'm being taught here. 
maybe this is my lesson, to not buckle under the weight of responsiblities, to ensure, that family's well being is over mine. 
to leave my egotism, to leave my self importance, to lose my sense of self for the collective good. 
that is how corporate structures work too, unless i make a mark for myself, i will become a collective. 

